# CS-330-Project

The project definitely helped my approach by making me consider it in basic terms. In early weeks we wrote a design plan which we broke down objects in our selected image and brainstormed which 3D objects we could build to mimic the look. The design proccess that I followed for my project work was to just incorporate things as we learned them. With each week we added steps, from 2D to 3D objects, camera movements, texture, and lighting. As we lerned each step I incorporated them into the final project without trying to overdo it or add too many steps that I might have to change later. The tactic from my design approach that could be applied in future work is breaking down a large task into smaller and simpler ones. The initial paper where we kind of planned out our 3D scene ended up being instrumental to how I visualized and approached the final project. A new development strategy I used while working on my 3D scene was continually running my code to see the output. Having to manipulate and translate the objects accordingly made it crucial that they were in the correct spot so I ran many instances so I could check and micro adjust them for desired output. Iteration factored into the  development because I used a while loop as my render loop to continuously load the object while the display window was open. My approach to developing code has evolved throughout the milestones by making me consider how to make something modular instead of being definitive and then having to be changed with each addition. I found that adding things with each week broke my project and I spent more time fixing it and making it run again than I should’ve. Computational graphics and visualizations gives me new knowledge and skills that can be applied to my educational pathway by teaching me on a deeper level how computer graphics work. Learning about OpenGL and considering objects in a different way and learning how they are all comprised of triangles essentially made me approach them in a different manner. Computational graphics and visualizations gives me new knowledge and skills that can be applied to my future professional pathway by teaching me other ways to approach a problem and plan for it’s completion. I find that every computer science class achieves this goal and just allows one to tackle any kind of project in a different way and makes us more versatile people in doing so.
